In this lesson, I'm going to teach you how to add a comment to your script.  So you actually already
added one here since to actually write a comment, you'll be using this hash tag sign.
So I'll just press enter once and then you'll get to the next line and then you can write the hash sign
and then whatever comment you want.
'this is my second script to write
text to the screen'.  The comments as a second line is a very useful thing to do because it can basically
tell you what your script is going to do, whether that's you reading it or somebody else.
It's just a--you don't have to put it there,
but I like to do it because it's easy to remember and then it's helpful for yourself.  And you don't need
the space here, but you can put it here.
I like to put it there just for the styling.
What makes it a little bit easier to read and you'll notice some people will do, you know, some people
will use capitalization and correct punctuation, but it's really up to you how you want to do it.
But you just have to make sure this comment character is there and then you can type whatever you want
and it won't get executed.
So if you ran your script right now, it would just do nothing because there's no actual commands being
run.
So in the next lecture, you'll write another echo command to print some text to the screen and then
we'll save your file and then we'll run it.